Client socket fd = 3
  "But you must, really, Dolly..."
you may live here with your mistress!"
saying to himself- "You mustn't be excited, you must be calm. What's
  "Surely, you must feel dull in the country in the winter," she said.
  "How do you mean?"
  "Yes, but joking apart," resumed Oblonsky, "you must understand that
  "Well, you must excuse me there. You know to me all women are
however much you may esteem her. And then all at once love turns up-
  "Oh, moralist! But you must understand, there are two women; one
  "What experiment? Table turning? Well, you must excuse me, ladies
  "Ah! Your Excellency!" cried Oblonsky, "Whom are you meeting?"
  "And whom are you meeting?" he asked.
  "Of course. I'm collecting subscriptions. Oh, did you make the
  Vronsky stood still and asked directly: "How so? Do you mean he
  "I am afraid that you must have been dreadfully bored," he said,
act in this awful position- that's what you must think of."
  "She is in my album," she said; "and, by the way, I'll show you my
  "Why, have you met?" inquired their host.
  "But I personally value friendly relations with you more because..."
  "Only you mustn't be formal with her. It frightens her. No one
care for you more than ever," said Anna, with tears in her eyes.
to have just half an hour to meet you, so that I can prove to you my
you must understand that my wife- my wife!- a respectable woman is
  "Ah, you must hear this story!" said Betsy, laughing, to a lady
thoughtlessness and lack of caution you may cause yourself to be
  "Why shouldn't you manage it?"
the noise and jolting of a steamer. And so you maintain that the
  "Why, do you mean to say you're selling the forest to Riabinin?"
  "How do you mean- for nothing?" said Stepan Arkadyevich with a
  "Well, you must excuse me, but there's something mean in this
the trees in my forest, while you make Riabinin a present of thirty
  "I only wanted to give you mother's letter. Answer it and don't
  "Once more I offer you my arm if you want to be going," said
  "For the third time I offer you my arm," he said to her after a
  "Well, you may go," answered the Princess, gazing at her
  "Yes, papa," answered Kitty. "And you must know they've three
"but it's better when one does good so that you may ask everyone and
  "No, you may say what you like, Prince- there's the interest of
principle. I simply liked you, but you most likely only wanted to save
  "What! Do you mean to say it's not of importance?" said Sergei
  "What do you mean? Can there be two opinions of the advantage of
  "Well, what do you mean to say, then?"
  "How do you mean? Just like one of the peasants, all day long?"
to this: that you make the mainspring self-interest, while I contend
altogether, as the French say, too prime-sautiere a nature; you must
  "Yes; he writes that you are here, and that he thinks you might
that, used to town housekeeping as you are, you must feel you are in
  "Well, Darya Alexandrovna, you must excuse me," he said, getting up.
can't understand it; for you men, who are free and make your own
you men from afar, who takes everything on trust- a girl may have, and
  "No, the heart does speak; but just consider: you men have views
about a girl, you come to the house, you make friends, you
  "I speak French, and you must too."
communicating to you my decision in regard to the subject of that
  "There, how do you manage never to be bored by things? One has but
evening. What's enjoyable about that? No; do tell me how you manage
order not to be bored, you mustn't think you're going to be bored.
Just as you mustn't be afraid of not being able to fall asleep, if
  "How do you mean? Bertenev's party against the Russian communists?"
carte blanche. I'm not going to offer you my protection.... Though,
  "But you must understand that I want nothing," said Vronsky, "except
  "But then, you make complaints to the justice too," said Sviiazhsky.
you, and you must help me when I need it- whether it's the sowing of
  "Why do you mix things up? I've never been a communist."
  "How disgusting you are, you men! How is it you can't understand
had not cared for those pleasures yourself, you might have got out
  "How was it, then? Where did you meet Alexei Alexandrovich?" Her
his angered her, and gave her courage. "Surely you must feel how
that you may know that, since you have not carried out my wishes in
  "Why can't you? What do you mean?" he asked in perplexity,
  "How? How do you mean? For what reason?" said Stepan Arkadyevich
opinion of her- for a good, an excellent woman; and so you must excuse
course... One thing: you must not act in haste. You must not, you must
  "Oh, you may as well sit there," he said to Levin.
  "Oh, you're wrong! And you must give up thinking so directly!"
looking him in the face, "I asked you about Anna; you made me no
  "That you may do tomorrow, tomorrow- and say no more! Nothing,
  "Very well, later, but you must certainly tell me. I'm not afraid of
you may not be in error regarding me. You know I had resolved on a
  "Yes, but you must care to say good-by to a man who has shot himself
you must look life in the face. I know it's hard, but..."
to let it alone? Still, you may do as you like...."
What answer will you make him when the innocent babe asks you:
you must choose your path and keep to it. Pray to God that He may in
  "Well, you must go and get them without me."
  "Ah, that's the truth," said Sergei Ivanovich. "And you may say
life," said Sergei Ivanovich. "However happy you may be, you must
  "I don't understand," she answered, panic-stricken; "you mean you
and then you must come and upset her with your nonsense," she said
  "Then you must put on mine."
  "I was beginning to think you meant to run away," she said, and
you might not agree."
  "That is, you make Him the man-god, and not the God-man. But I
know that was what you meant to do."
  "Then why did you marry? You could have been free. Why did you, if
  "How do you mean?"
  "Dear Madame- To be reminded of you might result in your son's
  "That you might learn your lessons better?"
are you stopping? I can fancy after your delightful travels you must
  "But do you mean to say you don't know?..." he began.
what I sought- in you. I love you, and offer you my hand."
  "But why are you making all this fuss? Have what we usually do."
  "For me? For me? How mad I am!... But why make you miserable? It's
you might at least ask for some milk for me."
  "What do you mean! Are you crazy?" Dolly cried in horror. "Nonsense,
  "But how have you managed?..." Dolly was beginning a question as
you may well understand, if you do me the honor of supposing I have
Sviiazhsky. "But you must come a little beforehand, so as to be on the
  "No, tell me all the same.... You see my life. But you mustn't
  "Divorce, you mean?" said Anna. "Do you know, the only woman who
  "Do you say that it's not right? But you must consider," she went
  "Yes, but you mustn't forget what you are and what I am.... And
him out of his difficulties. "I tell you what you might try," he
some delay, anyway, but you might try it." And Levin did try, and
too? I'll tell you my own case. Before I took to seeing after the
do with it, you make a muddle."
  "What are you thinking of, Katerina Alexandrovna, you mustn't move
  "Yes; but you must agree that the new institution being started is
  "Well, that's very fair," said his father, "you may go."
  "You're friendly, I fancy, with Mordvinsky; you might do me a favor:
  "That is, you mean that sin keeps him back?" said Lidia Ivanovna.
  "What do you mean by that?" she cried, looking with terror at the
"No, do as you meant to do. Go into the dining room, I'm coming
suppose that this news would affect me so, that you must even try to
  "Even if so, you must..."
you might go back to him. Go back to him. If you want money, I'll give
  "I quite understand, and I merely meant to offer you my services,"
  "Yes; but you might find it easier to get into relations, which

